New pages: DOMTokenList and MediaList toString() method (#37052)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/medialist/index.md

  - : Removes a media query from the `MediaList`.
- {{domxref("MediaList.item()")}}
  - : A getter that returns a string representing a media query as text, given the media query's index value inside the `MediaList`. This method can also be called using the bracket (`[]`) syntax.
- {{domxref("MediaList.toString()")}}

>   - : Returns the {{domxref("MediaList.mediaText")}}, a string representing the `MediaList` as text, the value separated by a comma and space.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
  - : Returns a string representation of this media list in the same format as the object's {{domxref("MediaList.mediaText")}} property.
```
